# Blueprint Ai

## Lecture Transcript

Okay. So, so yeah, like the humans like someone the humans need to ex like be in the place because they need to watch all of these technologies, you know, like the technologies need human supervision. But it's we're going to see a point where only only humans who understand and can supervise these technologies will have maybe jobs that exist. 00:29 uh humans who who who don't who who just don't have the skill set of supervising uh AI, they might not find all the all the jobs available to them because um like most of the jobs are just like you know could be leaned towards uh AI. So what is AI? Like let's just get this concept down you know like what does machine learning mean? the the simple definition, right? Like we we talked about Arthur Samuel. 01:03 Arthur Samuel taught computer how to play chess. Uh when he when the computer learned how to play chess, the computer learned the patterns. The computer learned what mistakes it made. Uh and then the computer learned how to improve. So essentially learning without explicit programming. Simple definition of AI. 01:31 And this is what happens. Like we have the input, right? We're passing in X. We're saying um like here this is a clue. I want you to find the answer. Before the computer goes and finds the answer, it takes your clue. It takes your input and it says, "Okay, well, let me run some algorithm. let me learn some prediction and see what I can do. 01:59 And then it comes out with the Y the prediction right like we have X that maps over Y is the prediction. If the prediction is completely off then we have something called supervision feedback. The supervision feedback allows us to improve. If the prediction is like really bad, like doesn't make sense or maybe it's unsafe, we go back, we fix it, we train the model again, and then we get the output. 02:31 That project that we have for the teachable machine, you're going to realize that you you you're going to take like 50 images of of an object. You're going to pass those 50 images to the AI model and then the AI model is going to predict that hey um you know based on a new input that whatever you're holding is it what it was trained on or can it accurately predict it uh and then you will also get something like an accuracy you'll see how accurate is your model at predicting whatever you taught it. 03:13 So think about this deeply. If we can change anything in the world, right? Like we have the tools, the the skill sets, what's something that really excites you? Is it law? Is it maybe just technology? Like you know core engineering? Is it is it healthcare? Is it education? Um is it medicine? Like think of yourself becoming the pilot and you have this aircraft. 03:43 The aircraft can help you achieve just basically what was impossible like you know 5 years ago, two years ago. But you have the autonomy to take this aircraft on missions and the missions is up to you. What kind of mission do you want to go on? Do you want to go predict maybe um you know like when the next housing market will crash? Do you want to predict how can you how can we cure cancer? Do we want to um do we want to predict or do we want to build self-driving cars? Um think about this question deeply. Or maybe, you know, we want to build better uh we want to build a better system that can help with law and order because what is law and order right now? Like, you know, you you someone does something, they go to court. If they have a good lawyer, they'll they probably will just 04:42 get out. If they don't have a good lawyer, good luck. You know, it's not just an equal system for everybody. So, so, so yeah, like a AI like we're like AI is not perfect either. Like you'll you will be very surprised to see how much bias AI is actually trained on. Um because one thing about AI is that it's beyond from perfect. 05:13 Like it convinces us when it answers but AI needs training. you know, it needs to be trained on something. It needs to have an input and that input if it's if it's trained on law and that law maybe was um maybe that law itself was biased towards minorities, the AI now will become um will just think of minorities and will apply bias towards them. 05:42 So AI is actually not perfect. It's it's actually nowhere close to perfect. Um and there's a lot of gaps that exist in it, but um but we'll talk about them in a bit. The the main takeaway is that we're going to use AI to our benefit. Like there are just so many gaps that exist, concepts, ideas, um theories, but we can't the human mind can't just connect everything. 06:11 We can't be like, "Okay, well, you know what? This connects to this this this this this. We use AI to make sense of logic. We use AI to make sense of data. And then getting this data we we have two paths we can go. We have the regression path where we can predict a continuous value. We can predict 10 years from now on the amount of students that will be enrolled in in Brooklyn law and tech will be X. 06:39 Um 5 years from now on the proud the the cost of living in Bushwick will be X. Um, or we can say based on this image, um, this most likely could be, um, this most likely could turn into, um, uh, like like let's let's make it more clear for classification based on an image that we pass. 07:11 Let's say the image is a image of a heart. Based on this image of a heart, we can then predict whether someone will de develop a heart attack, yes, or someone will not develop a heart attack, no. So two types of routes we can go just to like clarify in supervised learning. We can predict the cost, the future, how much things will be um how many people will you know graduate or we can predict yes or no. 07:40 We can predict that this is a Tesla. This is not a Tesla. Um this is a tumor cell. This is not a tumor cell. U just binary outcomes. Yes or no. But whichever route we go on, whether it's um predicting medicine, the housing market, education, we have to remember that AI will make mistakes. 08:12 And we have to be very particular. We have to be very cautious on on how we can analyze these errors. How can we test the accuracy? How can we make sure we're not giving the wrong information? Anyone knows what a false positive means? False positive and false negative. These are two words. Look them over. Ask Ask Google. 08:42 ask like you know whatever uh perplexity and like write your definition or share your definition in the chat like what you come back from this like what what does this what do those words mean check the chat I just sent something the rest of the class I'm actually going to give it to you you're you're not you're no longer students you have now developed this expertise and you have been given the resources to apply machine learning to a to an industry of your choice whether it's education whether it's healthcare law whatever gets you excited I want you to think about a problem in that industry you know if it's education say think of education like hey well um 09:39 maybe like we we the the amount of students that are graduating is decreasing or maybe the amount of students that are enrolling is decreasing. Uh we need we need people to be you know go to school so I'm going to decide to solve this problem. Or you can say something like hey the law in the US is not fair. 10:00 It treats u you know like certain types uh like certain types of uh individuals. It gives them more leeway versus other types of individual. It just criminal criminalizes them. It just, you know, like doesn't give them the support to um to to have a fair trial. Or you can say, well, maybe even medicine like why is it that we don't have a cure for cancer? Like we, you know, we can do everything else like we we went to moon apparently. 10:31 we uh solve for COVID. We have like self-driving cars, but why don't we have a cure for for this disease? And you know what? I'm going to I'm going to work on it. I'm going to decide to really solve this problem. So, so take a take a minute or two, think about this again, like very deeply. 10:53 You can work with someone uh whoever's sitting next to you, you can definitely brainstorm. But uh but think about this like if you can now solve a problem. The problem could be you know something we have seen growing up, we see in our environment, we see um kind of just limitations. What would you solve? Write it in the chat. 11:20 like I I I want to see the responses from everyone. Um because uh because the rest of the class, we're actually just going to work on this. So let me know in the chat like you know what what do we have what identify a problem that exists in in uh in current workflows in current industry that something needs to be addressed. 11:52 it needs to be fixed and and point it out in the chat that hey you know what I think this is a problem worth fixing tell you got to be descriptive cuz when we have a problem that big problem we can't just pass it into AI we can't just say hey fix this problem for education fix this problem for finance we have to break that problem down into the core components that hey if we want to solve call for finance what will be X what is going to be our input that we are going to pass into our AI so if it's finance think about you know like what about finance do we want to solve what about finance do we want to predict um or or even better like why is finance a problem like is it we need better 12:49 tools to learn how how money works maybe how to manage manage our finances or do we want to help the banks make more money? So like you know define this define this to the core element. Think think again identify a problem in human productivity or a crisis and human health or or law. Your goal is to think about how you would solve it by taking an input and then getting an output. 13:24 So the output would be um you you have we have two approaches. We can go let's look at this. We have two approaches. We have the output could be yes or no. uh classification. It tells us, you know, something is true, something is false. Or the output could be we're predicting a number. U we're predicting 10 years from now on the amount of students that will go to college is going to drop by 10%. 13:59 And therefore, this is a huge problem, you know, like we don't want students to like not go to college. We want them to go to college. So, this is a problem for me to solve and I will work on it. So what do we got? So So Eric said finance. Where's everyone else? Like what do we think? What what's what field vector vertical industry do you want to solve a problem in and then define what is that specific problem you want to solve. 14:33 All right, tell me send me in the chat. We're just going to pause on this and then I'll go to the next slide. Um, go make it make it very desript descriptive. Right. So, Majestic said medical. Good. So, you got the first part, you got the vertical. Now, define the goal. What is what specifically in medical do we want to solve? Maybe in medical can we say detecting X-rays, detecting CAT scans, detecting CT scans like you know all of these these uh MRIs, these these u these machines that do testing and then you know we look at an X-ray and but like a regular human like sometimes most of the time like doesn't even make sense. So So what else we We got Majestic who's saying medical. 15:31 Majestic make it make it more descriptive. Think about precisely like what is the problem in medical. Um we got Eric. We're going to write our own AIS and in finance. Okay. Well, think about the problems again like before you go into the solution about what's the the exciting thing you're going to build. 15:54 Think about why are you building it? like what's the problem it's solving? Two minutes, guys. Two minutes. Uh give me like everyone give me an answer. It's just two two two questions. I'm I'm just asking. Um and then we're going to kind of like continue to work on it. And what we got, Ali, what what what's the answer? Manny, what do you think? Good. That's very good. Majestic. 16:27 Good work. Joseph, what do we think? Big Nicholas, Urani, Aiden, Lewis, Christopher, Vivana, Joel, Nadia, Taylor, Jan, Jaden. What do we think? What industry do we want to solve a problem? And what is that problem we want to solve? >> Fam Asian. >> Sorry, I I missed that. Say say it again or or just type in the chat. 17:24 What we got? Come on, Ali. What do we think? What do you You're You're an expert now. Like, you know, you learned AI and now you're on the field. Um, what industry would you want to solve a problem in? I think did did you just um Okay. Okay. So, Ali and Majestic, you guys have like similar answers. Okay. 17:54 What else? Who else? Uh, Joseph, what do you think? Manny, what do we think? Okay, Jaden said, I would say uh I would have to say AI tried to make diagnos diagnostics more accurate because some doctors can't do it due to human mistakes. Are you guys like saying the same thing? Like but also humans have their own life experience. 18:28 It'll be hard to juggle based off perfection. Okay. Okay. Think think think deeper you know think like what else we got? We got Okay, we got diagnostics uh helping doctors because you know doctors are humans they need help. Um I think every Okay. Um Joseph would like to create AI military for warfare. Um okay uh let's think like on the humanity perspective right like how does it help you and I how does it help your fellow students like uh the warfare is just um that's like let's just think from the other perspective like if you can build something that would help your fellow colleagues your your classmates what do you see what do you see yourself building. Um, how about this? I I'll go with ones. 19:31 I I'll I'll say something like finance, the stock market. Why? Because the stock market every day it just, you know, goes up, goes down. If if I can learn how to predict whether it will be up or whether it will be down, that means I can make a lot of money. And that means I can, you know, help um I can help just with finances. 19:55 I can help uh start a business. Now based on the idea that you have, think about the inputs that you would go you would use. So what are the inputs? If you're trying to help doctors improve how how they can do diagnostics, you know, like how they can improve when they um look at X-rays or uh CAT scans, whatever, what are the features that the computer needs to think about how it will make those predictions? Like design your idea. 20:32 Like what do we think? what are the inputs that we're going to give our AI based on what we want back as a prediction. So to think about the project, the human teasible project, you're going to take 50 images of class A and class B. Class A images are different from class B. 21:01 And in this scenario, what inputs are we passing? We're passing in like image one of a phone, uh image two of phone like so on. And then class B is a book maybe, right? So those are the two inputs. But based on this idea that you have, if you were to build a a product to help medicine, before you go build it, you have to first train your AI model. 21:34 When you train your AI model, what will you train it on? So if Joseph, you're training your AI model for AI military, right? for like warfare I guess. What is going to be the inputs? What are you going to pass the AI uh to as the inputs? So, this is a project I'm going to assign to everybody. I'll I'll I'll I sometimes I have trouble uploading these slides uh on Google Classroom, but this will be the second project that you get to work on with um during this break. 22:24

This is the second project you'll get to work on during this break. So, think about all of these ideas. You know, you get to solve a problem. You you get to define what problem, why is it a problem? you get to then define okay well I'm going to train an AI model what do I give it as input and then what do I get back as the output uh and make it meaningful you know make it like meaningful and and make it something that has a social societal impact it's not just a cool technology you know it can truly help um the world and then yeah like these are just kind of the three check marks. So, I'm going to leave it here. I think there's only like a minute left. If you have questions, please ask. But this will be the second project that I'll assign to you. Project one is due on Monday. This will be be due on uh maybe 23:21 Thursday during the break. Um are we good? Like give me a plus one if we are good. Kind of have an understanding. All right, cool. All right, well, have a good break. >> The hell are you talking? Bye, Mr. >> Byebye. Bye, Fad. Have a good break, Mr. Have a good break. And I love you, Mr. Keani. >> All right. I love you, too. 24:29 Can you post the slides in the Google classroom? >> Yeah. Yeah, I'm going to post that. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> All right. That would help, you know, because they can't for them to look at the concepts when they come back, right? They don't if you give them wiggle room, they'll get a lot of wiggle room, you know. 24:51 When should I sign this? Should I sign it during the break? >> Let me fix this. >> I'm sorry. Now you can hear me. Now I can hear you. Did I sign your break? >> I can't hear you. >> Uh, should can you hear me? >> Let me go over. Yeah, now I can hear you. >> Should um >> should I sign it during the break or like don't give them projects during the break? >> I I I think anything that you've already gave them like repost it. 25:28 How's it going with this? How's it going with that? You know what I mean? check in, you know, because they're not to talk. I can't really tell where they're at yet, >> whether they're up to speed. They surprise you, these kids, like, you know, they look like they're not paying attention and it looks like it's all this kind of stuff, but then then they're on it. 25:47 But getting them to do the work, right, in a thoughtful way, >> you know, I think they need to catch up with the ideas that you laid down. And I would reassign them like they're an assignment like right in their face that this you have to be cogent with this concept when you come back right as a building block. 26:07 But then you're, you know, whatever it's going to be when you're gonna have to see, we're gonna have to monitor what comes back, what really comes back, what thoughtful, you know, um, responses they have, you know, are they able to achieve all, you know, stay pace, right? Right now, I don't really know where they're at. 26:27 Yeah. I I can't tell. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, but they do respond to work. They know they have to do the work, right? And sometimes with class um it becomes a social thing but then they know they have to do the work. So it it becomes when they do the work it becomes more introspective and then they get a better understanding of what you're doing. 26:50 Okay. Yeah. I'm I'm going to assign it or like do make a deal on Friday. But but then in between I think just kind of catch up to see where they're at. I would I would make sure they're on point with what you covered, right? And then we'll see once we get them a certain then we'll see how much they can spring forward, you know, but def definitely post the homework and I would just reiterate all the concepts and you know you know if there's another exercise they can do but the same within the realm of the same concepts. >> Got it. Got it. Okay. Yeah. Cool. So, just to make sure you your pillars of wisdom have solidified. >> Okay. >> All right. >> All right. Thanks so much. >> Thank you, man. You're doing it. We're doing it. AI remote. All right. >> See you soon. All right. 27:50 See you soon, man. Bye. >> Take care. Thank you. Bye. Bye.

Class Warmup ML Quiz

Uh it's just meant to be that anything   we work on, it's not just to do an   assignment, but it's really to do a   project where you can see it visually   that hey, this is what AI is really   doing and I'm not just trying to, you   know, um just take a quiz or just submit   an assignment.   But for this project, we want to have a   team.

So, whoever you worked with   yesterday, maybe add another third or   fourth person with you, but try to find   uh try to build like your group that you   can work with. Um, and all the   instructions are here, but I'll cover   them again uh later as well too. This is   what we really do in this project is   we're applying a classification   technique to it.

So, we're going to   teach the AI to classify between two   different types of things, like a   notebook and a pencil. We're going to   give the AI like 50 images of a pencil,   50 images of a notebook, and then we're   going to test it on a camera. We're   going to point out um the notebook in   front of the camera, and the AI is going   to tell us that, hey, it's a notebook or   it's a pencil.

And depending on how it   does, we're going to test how accurate   is it. If it's really accurate, that   means, you know, like good, we we did   something right. If it's not accurate,   that means maybe we need to improve the   the images or whatever we fed into the   model.   There is a video on the bottom that   explains everything.

So, if you this I   believe everyone should do by tonight.   Um this is just a simple code along and   in this video the instructor will talk   about how to do this project uh and and   kind of all the instructions behind it.   So so just two things I've just covered   so far two things I've covered.   Uh one we have   the SYP what SY uh internship due on 228   uh just 15 days 15 days left two we have   a project assigned   due let's say Monday   um let's move it to Wednesday.

Wednesday,   find a group   and brainstorm   on the instructions.   Three, review the YouTube video for the   project   tonight for homework. All right, I just   sent this in the chat. Um,   yeah. So, so there's no break. I'm   sorry. There's no class. there's a break   but I think um that will make it easy   for you to submit at least and then when   class resumes we can come back and we   can present   um cool like every everything um yeah   like everything   clear or kind of makes sense so far um   for today let's just warm up with maybe   a a short quiz so Like

let's go back to what we talked about   yesterday. We talked about AI being the   new electricity.   Uh I think that's like it's the wrong   end. So we talked about AI being the new   electricity. We talked about a gentleman   named Samuel Arthur Samuels Samuels.   What is the primary capability that   machine learning   gives to computers?   So   think about AI, right? Like we talked   about   um   what was Samuel um Arthur Samuels doing?   He was teaching the computer how to play   chess, right? And the computer learned   how to play chess and figure out all the   moves based on patterns. So based on   this,   what is the cap capability of machine

learning with computers?   Is it just to win at everything on the   first attempt? The capacity to simulate   human emotions and empathy,   the ability to learn without explicit   explicitly program,   the power to process data faster than   the human brain. Um, I think all of   these actually sound like they're   they're true answers, but one is like a   very specific one. So, we think it's C.

Yes, it's C. Because we're primarily   interested in Arthur Samuel and Arthur   Samuels that defined machine learning as   the study that allows computer to   develop abilities or strategies without   a human human coder writing everything.   So we talked briefly very briefly about   supervised learning.

We talked about   supervised learning where it's a what   what do what do we remember from   supervised learning? Uh like what what   did I mean?   Um   here let's go back to like the slides.   So we have AI being the new electricity.   We have Samuel Arthur Samuels that is   essentially defining how computers will   learn without us specifically telling   them.

And then we have three different types   of machine learning. But right now we're   only focused on the first one which is   called supervised learning.   In supervised learning we essentially   give AI machine learning the right   answer. Um and we give it the we give it   the data as an input and the right   answer as the Y   and the computer learns how to map   between X and Y and Y.

And there's two types of supervised   learning. The first one is called   regression.   and regression in your own definition   based on what you see. What does   regression mean in in machine learning?   What does regression mean for machine   learning?   Well,   let's think about it.   There's two types.   One is a regression   um in supervised learning and the other   one is classification.

Regression is   we're predicting the gas prices of the   future. We're predicting how much   um like how much his salary will be in   the future. Exactly like Daniela said   it. So like regression is like the rate   of something um like regression of the   economy. Um good like let's make it more   more concrete that can we predict what   will be the economy   or the stock market maybe 10 years from   now on? Like that would be a regression   because   we're predicting the future but we're   specifically interested in the number   you know like what will NASDAQ be in 10   years from now on like could it be uh   like Donald Trump says it's going to be   like thousand thousand points like you   know is that really possible   what will be the house uh what will be

the cost of houses for example 10 years   from now on uh could it be like you know   like if if a house costs 500,000 right   now could it be worth maybe 800,000 10   years from now on maybe but this type of   AI machine learning where we're   predicting the future um as a number is   called regression we're trying to   predict um something that continuously   grows in value right like a house that's   only thousand square ft is worth 200,000   and then continuously the price keeps   going up based on the house size, based   on the price, based on the market   demand. There's so many factors, but the   key takeaway is that it's continuously   going up.   Um, and that's what regression is. We're   we're looking at a a value that

continuously goes up with time.   And then there's a second type of   supervised learning which is called   classification.   And this is the simple one. This is   simply just a category that it's either   true or it's either false. So we have   think about we were looking at the we   were talking about um we were talking a   lot yesterday about like medical   examples, right? we were talking about   Alzheimer disease, breast cancer, uh,   and so on.

This is a this is a perfect   example because in this scenario when we   talk about classification,   we're only predicting whether something   is true or whether something is false.   Will someone develop Alzheimer's   disease? True or false? Will someone   develop uh maybe di will someone become   diabetic? True or false? See, like we   can't apply regression to this, right?   Because when we say could someone   develop could someone become diabetic,   we're not asking about a number.

We're   not asking about a continuous value uh   like a specific number. We're just   looking for a binary outcome which is   either yes or it's either no.   So this is the second type of of um of   of of a AI in in in in supervised   learning classification.   So let's just let's jump back into our   quiz, right? So like now we kind of uh   we we got a little bit warmed up.

So   let's think about it again in supervised   learning. What is supervised learning?   Again, we're giving the computer the   answers that hey um this is the house.   This is the cost of a house. This is the   size of a house. Figure out what it will   be worth in the future. This is a   picture of of of a dog.   Figure out the next picture I give you,   whether it's a dog or it's a cat.

Um, so   so what do you think? So we got D, we   got B. Let's break this down. The   framework, we give it an input   and it learns how to get the answer. It   learns how to map over the Y. So what   does the X represent?   Labels or target results, the   mathematical algorithm, the error rate   of the model, features or input data   point. Um, so okay. So, so, so good.

So,   so we got a bunch of D's, right? Like I   think do we have do we have any uh I   think does anyone anyone disagree? We   have D and B.   be the mathematical equation algorithm.   This is going to come after X, right?   Because X is just the input that hey   size of a house do something with this   house. So then we apply the algorithm.

So X is just simply the input.   If a titan of a titan of industry is   building a model to predict the price of   a house based on its square footage,   which type of supervised learning are   they using? So let's reflect back what   we just talked about. We're predicting   the cost of a house.   And in this scenario, what would it be?   It can't be a because we we didn't even   talk about A.

you know like supervised   learning there's only two types. Um what   are those two types? Well everyone is we   have a lot of people saying C. So we   have regression. Um and then we what's   the other one? It should be   classification. Well why isn't it not   classification? Because   we're predicting it's square footage.   We're predicting the price.

We're not   predicting whether it's true or false.   So therefore you're correct. It's like   it's regression.   In a model in a model designed for tumor   diagnosis, the output categories   malignant and benign represent which   component. So the output represents   either something is cancerous or   something is not cancerous.

It's either   true or it's false. What would that be?   Well, features remember we have the X,   right? We're giving in the the scan the   image. What are we getting back in   result? The why. What is that why? Um   what do we think?   Do we think it's   um   let's let's look back here, right? like   this question said this.

So think about   tumors, right? Like the question is   asking   um the output we're getting back is a   labeled answer meaning it's telling us   that hey this is uh it's either   cancerous or it's not cancerous. So if   that's the scenario for Y   um   would it be labels or would it be   features? Would it be X? Like what   exactly could it be?   This is also a hint. The output.

But   what's the output? Is the output   X or is the output Y? B B B B B B B B B   B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B   B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B   B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B   B B B B B B B B B B B B. Okay, good.   Exactly. These categories are the   correct answer that target results the   model is being trained to predict.

Um what is the ability to process   highdimensional data considered a   machine learning superpower? So being   able to process highdimensional data.   Um like why why is this ability to   process like the so much data considered   a superpower?   Um what do we think? Algorithms can find   patterns across hundred of features uh   which human brain simply cannot.

Sounds   about right. It allows the computer to   ignore X uh and Y mapping. So we know   it's not this.   It ensures that the computer will never   make an error. We know that's not true.   It always like it could make errors. It   reduces the amount of data needed to   train a self-driving car. Um, we're not   talking about self-driving car like   this, you know, so it should be pretty   much easy.

The human struggles beyond the   two-dimension, three-dimension   visualization. Math allows algorithm to   find structures and data with many   concurrent v variables. So   when building a self-driving car, the   front-facing camera image serves as   which part of supervised learning? So   what do we think? Like the we're driving   let's say a Whimo, right? It's well I   guess we can't drive a Whimo.

The Whimo   just drives itself. We're sitting in a   Whimo. The Whimo has a camera or you can   say Tesla like it has a camera. is   looking at the road. Based on that   camera looking at that road, what is it   doing? Is it is it taking the road as an   input or is it taking the road as an   output?   Oh, okay. So, we think it's we we got B.

Anyone else?   Oh, let's try B. Okay,   good. Good. So the raw images is the   feature set provided to the system so   you can determine the appropriate   response. All right, two more. Let's try   to get through this. Which of the   following is an example of of a   classification problem? So what does   classification mean? Remember we got   classification and we got regression.

Regression   predicting the house, how much will it   be worth? classification.   Um, what would classification be? It   could either be true or it could be   false. It looks at an image and it tells   us that, hey, it's benign or it's   malignant. Um, so determining if an   email is spam or not spam. Good. Okay,   let's try it. Good, good, good, good.

Classification is the correct choice   because the output is discreet. It's   either yes, it is spam or no, it's not   spam.   In the application architect um ethical   checklist, I think we can skip this one.   Which type of error might be considered   more critical   to the tiein of medicine than a tyin of   logistics?   So,   um I I think like we we can skip this   one, too.

We're going to actually work   on on a on a project today. So, very   quickly, I'm going to take you through   um   very quickly, I'm going to take you   through just like a few   Oh, where is it?   Okay, here we go. So, so very quickly,   I'm going to take you through um   Exactly. That's that's exactly what   classification is.

Like it's either yes   or no. I'm going to to take you very   quickly through um just what we covered   and then you're going to have a breakout   session. You're going to work on this on   your own. Well, not on your own, but   with a group. Um so, we talked about   this, you know, like 1920s   factories,   2020, we got cars that are driving by   themselves.

2030 like maybe they'll   these factories will just have robots.   Um   what is what is machine learning?   Machine learning is just this definition   like learning without explicit   programming. We're not telling it to do   you know do this do this do this. The   the machine learns how to do it on its   own.   And it does this through this approach   called input.

we we give it um some some   sort of some sort of clues and it does   the algorithm. It it figures out okay   like based on these clues what should   the answer be and then it gives us label   Y which is the prediction. So we got   input which is the x and we got y which   is the output. Uh and then in between we   have the model and then in between we   also have this uh feedback loop.

You   know if if the model is getting really   bad at predicting maybe we need to train   it, we need to teach it.   We have three different examples of how   we can apply um just machine learning   where we can predict the size of how   much how much houses could be worth in   the future. We can predict diseases. We   can uh even build autonomous driving   cars. The key takeaways is the inputs.

We want to predict how much a house will   be worth in the future. Well, let's take   the size of that house and let's take   the price of that house or um like price   of a current house. So, based on the   size and the price currently, we can   predict how much it would be in the   future. Uh same thing with medicine.

We   want to take the size of a tumor, the   age, thickness, and we can then predict   whether it's true or false, whether it's   um cancerous or not.   This is where the human like machine   learning   they bridge this gap that the humans we   it's impossible for us to just calculate   because   we only can can visualize like a 2D   dimensional vector right like we can   look at graphs but when we go beyond   this there's no way we can like connect   all the gaps together   we have no understanding of how maybe   even connect concepts from science in   medicine, you know, like how did someone   become diabetic? What was the   transaction transition and whatnot?   And we just talked about this like

there's two different types of um of   supervised learning. regression   predicting the the cost price   classification, you know, yes or no.   Based on these predictions, we have to   be very careful of the error, right?   Like if you're predicting   if something could be cancerous or not   and we're completely wrong, it's we have   to um the takeaway is that the   architecture you choose dictates the   risk you manage.

If you decide to build   an algorithm that's going to help um   patients that could be uh you know are   at risk of a of a heart attack, you have   to also learn how to manage the risk   like you know how do you know whether   you or your AI is correct? What's the   accuracy   the rest of the time? Now it's your   turn, right? So you're you're no longer   students. You're the ty of the industry.

you have been granted the resources to   apply machine learning to your choice   whatever you like. Identify a problem   like identify a problem that hey humans   are really like you know they're having   a hard time doing something maybe   they're having a hard time uh like in   healthcare maybe they're having a hard   time in like logistics   find something find a sector whether   it's medicine law   um maybe education   and think about it think about the   industry you will transform   the goal what's the specific problem you   want to solve. Um, giving every child   personalized AI tutor, right? Like it's   a good one. Detect detecting   manufacturing defects. Um, helping   patients understand   um X-rays. Like   no one knows what what an X-ray like   really means, you know, besides like a

radiologist. But think about this. Think   about your industry you want to   transform. Think about the problem you   want to solve in that industry.   and then define the three inputs that   you will give the computer to make the   prediction. So   think about this like if we're   predicting the the healthcare right   within healthcare we want to solve a   problem for patients for patients we   want to solve a problem where um they   can read their medical records a lot   more easily.

So what will be our input?   It would be the the medical record. It   could be the image. It could be the   text. We're passing that to the model.   And the model is giving us a prediction   that based on this health record, um   based on this health record, based on   these X-rays, you know, like this is a   fracture, this is not a fracture, uh   this is a tumor, this is not a tumor.

Or   we can even say that hey based on your   health records 10 years from now on you   could become diabetic right like we have   two different types. We have   classification where we can just look at   images and we say yes or no. We can give   the inputs as X-rays and we produce the   output that you have a fractured wrist   or you don't have a fractured wrist or   we can go regression that hey looking at   your health records looking at your diet   looking at your weight 10 years from now   on you could become diabetic or you   might not become diabetic.   Uh   yeah, and think about like what social   impact it makes, like the so what   factor, you know, why why like the why   behind it. Um and how will you ensure   your superpower helps people rather than

just generating a profit.   Cool. All right, I think we got like   maybe like five minutes. Work on this.   Like find find your partner who you   worked with yesterday.   Um sit with them. Discuss this. Discuss   this. Let me go back to   um let me go back to like this main   slide.   Think about one, which sector do you   want to solve for?   Um B, think about   sorry it's like really bad.

Think about   the sector.   uh and then think about   a problem in that sector, you know, like   why why do you want to solve it? Like   what's what's the issue?   Um and then how will you solve it based   on your input?   How will you get the output? like how   will you um like whether the output is   telling someone they could develop   um they could have a heart attack 10   years from now or tell telling them that   your your heart is healthy or your heart   is not healthy, right? Like yes or no.

Um so yeah, so so think about this, work   with someone   um and then   I think um yeah so like   yeah start here.   Cool. Are we good?   >> Where would you like them to enter the   information?   >> Uh I think right now just brainstorm   with each other. You can send it in the   chat but um but just think out loud.   Think out loud with each other.

You can   use the chat.   Um,   but just like really think out loud for   this problem.   Are we good? Do we have Do we have like   someone to work with? Are we sitting   next to someone? Are we discussing with   them?   Yes. Yes. Yes.   Anyone needs a partner?   You can have more than two people. It's   okay.

Arian, are you good? You're   looking around. I see you. Do you need a   Do you have a partner and someone to   work with? Christian, do you have   someone?   Miguel, Donna, Jesus,   Justin, Carlos, Nasha, Isaac,   we good? All right. Anyone got some   ideas? Like, what do we think? What's   the industry we want to transform? And   like what's the problem we're solving?   You can type your answer in the chat.

You can take yourself off mute. U   actually take yourself off mute. Present   in the class like the remaining of the   time whatever you have left talk about   this. We're going to use tomorrow as   well to work on this more. We'll use the   whole class. Um but the remainder of   this class I just want us to have   this part down.

Can we identify a   problem and in human productivity   and what is our goal to solve it and   what is   what is that field that we're solving in   just like three questions   how much time we have left like is it is   I think what is it 211   >> about 2 minutes and then it would have   to close   >> okay okay Daniela go for it like what   what about medicine.

You you can present   you can talk on the mic. What in   medicine do you want to solve?   >> Hello.   >> Hi.   >> Uh I think okay.   >> Yeah. Yeah, you're good. Um I said   medicine and specifically women's health   care since there seems to be a lot of   issues towards women since a lot of   research isn't done on things like   breast cancer or like diseases and   autoimmune diseases that include the   uterus or female like counterparts.

So   yesterday I worked with Nasha on breast   cancer with the um AI site and we were   reading up on how breast cancer affects   23% of like cancer patients and it   causes death and things like this. And   it was, we also read about how it was up   until recently that they started   changing the ways that screening would   be worked on women with breast cancer   cuz before a lot of them wouldn't do it   because it was too painful.

So now they   changed it to be a bit more light and so   that women will be more motivated to get   their breast cancer testing screenings   done.   >> Thank you.   >> Amazing. Wow. Beautiful. Give it up.   Give it up, Daniela. That's amazing. Um,   good, good, good. So, you'll continue to   work on this today, tomorrow.

Um, who   wants to go next? Who wants to go next?   And just kind of brainstorm what you'll   be working on with your partner or for   your project.   Good. Isaac, go. Isaac, go for it. tell   us about it. Take you can use the mic uh   kind of like brainstorm with us.   Hello. All right. So questions I would   ask   about down syndrome is who came up with   the alteration that Down syndrome is   caused by having an extra chromosome?   How did this person take steps to

figuring this out? And how are people   with this medical condition being   helped?   >> Yeah.   >> Okay. So, what what kind of machine   learning are we applying? Is this   regression? Is this classification? What   kind of what are we using for it?   Think about your inputs, right? Like   what will your inputs be? Let's like   refine it even more.

So down syndrome is caused by X-ray   chromosone. Okay.   So like how are the the people with this   condition being helped? Okay. Well,   one could be screening, right? like are   they getting like what Daniela just said   for breast cancer like are they being   screened for that chromosome? So could   it be classification where based on they   got screened our AI can classify that   there is an extra chromosome or there's   not an extra chromosome and that itself   can just tell us right then and there   right like is that I think like that's a   suggestion   um one minute anyone else think thank   thank you so much Isaac uh think about   how you you're going to apply a to that   question uh Christian you want to go I   See, I see your what you said in the   chat, too.   >> Uh, the bell's about to ring.   >> Okay. Okay. No worries. I'm going to   post this in in the Google classroom,   but we're going to work on this

tomorrow. Uh, but for homework, just   think about this. Uh, think about how   will you apply classification versus   regression to your problem. Uh, and then   we'll discuss more tomorrow.   Good. Very nice. Paz Okay, good.   Um,   cool. Us,   go for it. Like before the bell rings,   maybe tell us about it.   So, okay.

All right.   So I wanted to use classification to   determine oh   >> I I wanted to uh use classification to   determine like what is like what counts   as tuberculosis   since when I was doing my research there   was like a lot of types of tuberculosis   and they all like contributed to   different things around your body.

>> Amazing. Good go. We'll we'll talk more   about it tomorrow. All right.   >> All right.   >> All right. Take care. Bye-bye.   >> Bye.   >> Byebye.
