# Python Intro

## Lecture Transcript

Okay. So, so yeah, like the humans like   someone the humans need to ex like be in   the place because they need to watch all   of these technologies, you know, like   the technologies need human supervision.   But it's we're going to see a point   where only only humans who understand   and can supervise these technologies   will have maybe jobs that exist.

uh   humans who who who don't who who just   don't have the skill set of supervising   uh AI, they might not find all the all   the jobs available to them because   um like most of the jobs are just like   you know could be leaned towards   uh AI.   So what is AI? Like let's just get this   concept down you know like what does   machine learning mean?   the the simple definition, right? Like   we we talked about Arthur Samuel.

Arthur   Samuel taught computer how to play   chess. Uh when he when the computer   learned how to play chess, the computer   learned the patterns. The computer   learned what mistakes it made. Uh and   then the computer learned how to   improve. So essentially learning without   explicit programming. Simple definition   of AI.

And this is what happens. Like we have   the input, right? We're passing in X.   We're saying um   like here this is a clue. I want you to   find the answer. Before the computer   goes and finds the answer, it takes your   clue. It takes your input and it says,   "Okay, well, let me run some algorithm.   let me learn some prediction and see   what I can do.

And then it comes out   with the Y the prediction right like we   have X that maps over Y   is the prediction. If the prediction is   completely off then we have something   called supervision feedback. The   supervision feedback allows us to   improve. If the prediction is like   really bad, like doesn't make sense or   maybe it's unsafe, we go back, we fix   it, we train the model again, and then   we get the output.

That project that we   have for the teachable machine, you're   going to realize that you you you're   going to take like 50 images of of an   object. You're going to pass those 50   images to the AI model and then the AI   model is going to predict that hey um   you know based on a new input that   whatever you're holding is it what it   was trained on or can it accurately   predict it uh and then you will also get   something like an accuracy you'll see   how accurate is your model at predicting   whatever you taught it.

So think about this deeply.   If we can change anything in the world,   right? Like we have the tools, the the   skill sets, what's something that really   excites you? Is it law? Is it maybe just   technology? Like you know core   engineering? Is it is it healthcare? Is   it education?   Um is it medicine?   Like think of yourself becoming the   pilot and you have this aircraft.

The aircraft can help you achieve just   basically what was impossible like you   know 5 years ago, two years ago.   But you have the autonomy to take this   aircraft on missions and the missions is   up to you. What kind of mission do you   want to go on? Do you want to go predict   maybe um you know like when the next   housing market will crash? Do you want   to predict how can you how can we cure   cancer?   Do we want to um do we want to predict   or do we want to build self-driving   cars? Um think about this question   deeply. Or maybe, you know, we want to   build better   uh we want to build a better system that   can help with law and order because what   is law and order right now? Like, you   know, you you someone does something,   they go to court. If they have a good   lawyer, they'll they probably will just

get out. If they don't have a good   lawyer, good luck. You know, it's not   just an equal system for everybody.   So,   so, so yeah, like a AI like we're like   AI is not perfect either. Like you'll   you will be very surprised to see how   much bias AI is actually trained on. Um   because   one thing about AI is that it's beyond   from perfect.

Like it convinces us when   it answers but AI needs training. you   know, it needs to be trained on   something. It needs to have an input and   that input if it's if it's trained on   law and that law maybe was um maybe that   law itself was biased towards   minorities, the AI now will become um   will just think of minorities and will   apply bias towards them.

So AI is   actually not perfect. It's it's actually   nowhere close to perfect. Um and there's   a lot of gaps that exist in it, but um   but we'll talk about them in a bit. The   the main takeaway is that we're going to   use AI to our benefit. Like there are   just so many gaps that exist, concepts,   ideas, um theories, but we can't the   human mind can't just connect   everything.

We can't be like, "Okay,   well, you know what? This connects to   this this this this this. We use AI to   make sense of logic. We use AI to make   sense of data. And then getting this   data we we have two paths we can go. We   have the regression path where we can   predict a continuous value. We can   predict 10 years from now on the amount   of students that will be enrolled in in   Brooklyn law and tech will be X.

Um 5   years from now on the proud the the cost   of living in Bushwick will be X. Um, or   we can say based on this image, um, this   most likely could be, um, this most   likely could turn into, um,   uh, like like let's let's make it more   clear for classification based on an   image that we pass.

Let's say the image   is a image of a heart. Based on this   image of a heart, we can then predict   whether someone will de develop a heart   attack, yes, or someone will not develop   a heart attack, no. So two types of   routes we can go just to like clarify in   supervised learning. We can predict the   cost, the future, how much things will   be um how many people will you know   graduate or we can predict yes or no.

We   can predict that this is a Tesla. This   is not a Tesla. Um this is a tumor cell.   This is not a tumor cell. U just binary   outcomes. Yes or no.   But whichever route we go on, whether   it's um predicting medicine, the housing   market, education,   we have to remember that AI will make   mistakes.

And we have to be very   particular. We have to be very cautious   on on how we can analyze these errors.   How can we test the accuracy? How can we   make sure we're not giving the wrong   information?   Anyone knows what a false positive   means? False positive   and false negative.   These are two words. Look them over. Ask   Ask Google.

ask like you know whatever   uh perplexity   and like write your definition or share   your definition in the chat like what   you come back from this like what what   does   this what do those   words mean check the chat I just sent   something   the rest of the class I'm actually going   to give it to you you're you're not   you're no longer students you have now   developed this expertise   and you have been given the resources to   apply machine learning to a to an   industry of your choice whether it's   education whether it's healthcare law   whatever gets you excited   I want you to think about a problem in   that industry you know if it's education   say think of education like hey well um

maybe like we we the the amount of   students that are graduating is   decreasing or maybe the amount of   students that are enrolling is   decreasing. Uh we need we need people to   be you know go to school so I'm going to   decide to solve this problem. Or you can   say something like hey the law in the US   is not fair.

It treats u you know like   certain types uh like certain types of   uh individuals. It gives them more   leeway versus other types of individual.   It just criminal criminalizes them. It   just, you know, like doesn't give them   the support to um to to have a fair   trial. Or you can say, well, maybe even   medicine like why is it that we don't   have a cure for cancer? Like we, you   know, we can do everything else like we   we went to moon apparently.

we uh solve   for COVID. We have like self-driving   cars, but why don't we have a cure for   for this disease? And you know what? I'm   going to I'm going to work on it. I'm   going to decide to really solve this   problem. So, so take a take a minute or   two, think about this again, like very   deeply.

You can work with someone uh   whoever's sitting next to you, you can   definitely brainstorm. But uh but think   about this like   if you can now solve a problem.   The problem could be you know something   we have seen growing up, we see in our   environment, we see um kind of just   limitations. What would you solve?   Write it in the chat.

like I I I want to   see the responses from everyone. Um   because uh because the rest of the   class, we're actually just going to work   on this.   So let me know in the chat like you know   what what do we have what   identify a problem that exists in   in uh in current workflows in current   industry   that something needs to be addressed.

it   needs to be fixed and and point it out   in the chat that   hey you know what I think this is a   problem worth fixing tell you got to be   descriptive cuz   when we have a problem   that big problem we can't just pass it   into AI we can't just say hey fix this   problem for education fix this problem   for finance we have to break that   problem down into the core components   that hey if we want to solve call for   finance what will be X what is going to   be our input that we are going to pass   into our AI so if it's finance think   about you know like what about finance   do we want to solve what about finance   do we want to predict   um or or even better like why is finance   a problem like is it we need better

tools to learn how how money works maybe   how to manage manage our finances or do   we want to help the banks make more   money? So like you know define this   define this to the core element.   Think think again   identify a problem in human productivity   or a crisis and human health or or law.   Your goal is to think about how you   would solve it by taking an input   and then getting an output.

So the   output would be um   you you have we have two approaches. We   can go let's look at this. We have two   approaches. We have   the output could be yes or no.   uh classification. It tells us, you   know, something is true, something is   false. Or the output could be we're   predicting a number. U we're predicting   10 years from now on the amount of   students that will go to college is   going to drop by 10%.

And therefore, this is a huge problem,   you know, like we don't want students to   like not go to college. We want them to   go to college. So, this is a problem for   me to solve and I will work on it.   So what do we got? So So Eric said   finance. Where's everyone else? Like   what do we think?   What what's what field   vector vertical   industry do you want to solve a problem   in   and then define   what is that specific problem you want   to solve.

All right, tell me send me in   the chat. We're just going to pause on   this and then I'll go to the next slide.   Um,   go make it make it very desript   descriptive. Right. So, Majestic said   medical. Good. So, you got the first   part, you got the vertical. Now, define   the goal. What is what specifically in   medical do we want to solve?   Maybe in medical can we say   detecting   X-rays, detecting CAT scans, detecting   CT scans like you know all of these   these uh MRIs, these these u   these machines that   do testing and then you know we look at   an X-ray and but like a regular human   like sometimes most of the time like   doesn't even make sense. So So what else   we We got Majestic who's saying medical.

Majestic make it make it more   descriptive. Think about precisely like   what is the problem in medical. Um we   got Eric. We're going to write our own   AIS and in finance. Okay. Well, think   about the problems again like before you   go into the solution about what's the   the exciting thing you're going to   build.

Think about why are you building   it? like what's the problem it's   solving?   Two minutes, guys. Two minutes. Uh give   me like everyone give me an answer. It's   just two two two questions. I'm I'm just   asking. Um and then we're going to kind   of like continue to work on it. And what   we got,   Ali, what what what's the answer?   Manny, what do you think?   Good. That's very good. Majestic.

Good   work. Joseph, what do we think? Big   Nicholas, Urani, Aiden, Lewis,   Christopher, Vivana, Joel, Nadia,   Taylor,   Jan, Jaden.   What do we think?   What industry do we want to solve a   problem? And what is that problem we   want to solve?   >> Fam Asian.   >> Sorry, I I missed that. Say say it again   or or just type in the chat.

What we got? Come on, Ali. What do we   think? What do you You're You're an   expert now. Like, you know, you learned   AI and now you're on the field.   Um,   what industry would you want to solve a   problem in?   I think did did you just um Okay. Okay.   So, Ali and Majestic, you guys have like   similar answers.   Okay.

What else? Who else? Uh, Joseph,   what do you think?   Manny, what do we think?   Okay, Jaden said, I would say uh I would   have to say AI tried to make diagnos   diagnostics more accurate because some   doctors can't do it due to human   mistakes.   Are you guys like saying the same thing?   Like   but also humans have their own life   experience.

It'll be hard to juggle   based off perfection. Okay. Okay. Think   think think deeper you know think like   what else we got? We got Okay,   we got diagnostics   uh helping doctors because you know   doctors are humans they need help. Um   I think every   Okay. Um   Joseph would like to create AI military   for warfare.   Um   okay uh let's think like on the humanity   perspective right like how does it help   you and I how does it help your fellow   students like uh the warfare is just um   that's like   let's just think from the other   perspective like   if you can build something that would   help your fellow colleagues your your   classmates what do you see what do you   see yourself building.   Um, how about this? I I'll go with ones.

I I'll I'll say something like finance,   the stock market. Why? Because the stock   market every day it just, you know, goes   up, goes down. If if I can learn how to   predict whether it will be up or whether   it will be down, that means I can make a   lot of money. And that means I can, you   know, help um I can help just with   finances.

I can help uh start a   business.   Now based on the idea that you have,   think about the inputs that you would go   you would use. So what are the inputs?   If you're trying to help doctors   improve how   how they can do diagnostics, you know,   like how they can improve when they um   look at X-rays   or uh CAT scans, whatever, what are the   features that the computer needs to   think about how it will make those   predictions? Like design your idea.

Like   what do we think? what are the inputs   that we're going to give our AI based on   what we want back as a prediction.   So   to think about the project, the human   teasible project, you're going to take   50 images of class A and class B.   Class A images are different from class   B.

And in this scenario, what inputs are   we passing? We're passing in like image   one of a phone, uh image two of phone   like so on. And then class B is a book   maybe, right? So those are the two   inputs. But   based on this idea that you have,   if you were to build a a product to help   medicine,   before you go build it, you have to   first train your AI model.

When you train your AI model, what will   you train it on? So if Joseph, you're   training your AI model for AI military,   right? for like warfare I guess. What is   going to be the inputs? What are you   going to pass the AI uh to as the   inputs?   So,   this is a project I'm going to assign to   everybody.   I'll I'll I'll I sometimes I have   trouble uploading these slides uh on   Google Classroom, but this will be the   second project that you get to work on   with um during this break.

>> This is the second project you'll get to   work on during this break. So, think   about all of these ideas. You know, you   get to solve a problem. You you get to   define what problem, why is it a   problem?   you get to then define okay well I'm   going to train an AI model what do I   give it as input and then what do I get   back as the output   uh and make it meaningful you know make   it like meaningful and and make it   something that has a social societal   impact it's not just a cool technology   you know it can truly help um the world   and then yeah like these are just kind   of the three check marks.   So, I'm going to leave it here. I think   there's only like a minute left. If you   have questions, please ask. But this   will be the second project that I'll   assign to you. Project one is due on   Monday. This will be be due on uh maybe

Thursday during the break. Um are we   good? Like give me a plus one if we are   good.   Kind of have an understanding.   All right,   cool. All right, well, have a good   break.   >> The hell are you talking? Bye, Mr.   >> Byebye.   Bye, Fad. Have a good break, Mr. Have a   good break. And I love you, Mr. Keani.   >> All right. I love you, too.

Can you post the slides in the Google   classroom?   >> Yeah. Yeah, I'm going to post that.   >> Okay.   >> Okay.   >> All right. That would help, you know,   because they can't   for them to look at the concepts when   they come back, right? They don't if you   give them wiggle room, they'll get a lot   of wiggle room, you know.

>> When should I sign this? Should I sign   it during the break?   >> Let me fix this.   >> I'm sorry. Now you can hear me. Now I   can hear you.   Did I sign your break?   >> I can't hear you.   >> Uh, should can you hear me?   >> Let me go over. Yeah, now I can hear   you.   >> Should um   >> should I sign it during the break or   like don't give them projects during the   break?   >> I I I think anything that you've already   gave them   like repost it.

How's it going with   this? How's it going with that? You know   what I mean? check in, you know, because   they're not to talk. I can't really tell   where they're at yet,   >> whether they're up to speed. They   surprise you, these kids, like, you   know, they look like they're not paying   attention and it looks like it's all   this kind of stuff, but then then   they're on it.

But getting them to do   the work, right, in a thoughtful way,   >> you know, I think they need to catch up   with the ideas that you laid down. And I   would reassign them like they're an   assignment like right in their face that   this you have to be cogent with this   concept when you come back right as a   building block.

But then you're, you   know, whatever it's going to be when   you're gonna have to see, we're gonna   have to monitor what comes back, what   really comes back, what thoughtful, you   know, um, responses they have, you know,   are they able to achieve all, you know,   stay pace, right? Right now, I don't   really know where they're at.

>> Yeah. I I can't tell.   >> Yeah. Yeah. So, but they do respond to   work. They know they have to do the   work, right? And sometimes with class um   it becomes a social thing but then they   know they have to do the work. So it it   becomes when they do the work it becomes   more introspective and then they get a   better understanding of what you're   doing.

>> Okay. Yeah. I'm I'm going to assign it   or like do make a deal on Friday. But   but then in between I think just kind of   catch up to see   where they're at. I would I would make   sure they're on point with what you   covered,   right? And then we'll see once we get   them a certain then we'll see how much   they can spring forward,   you know, but def definitely post the   homework and I would just reiterate all   the concepts and you know you know if   there's another exercise they can do but   the same within the realm of the same   concepts.   >> Got it. Got it.   Okay. Yeah. Cool.   So, just to make sure you your pillars   of wisdom have solidified.   >> Okay.   >> All right.   >> All right. Thanks so much.   >> Thank you, man. You're doing it. We're   doing it. AI remote. All right.   >> See you soon. All right.

>> See you soon, man. Bye.   >> Take care. Thank you. Bye. Bye.
